It turned out that the Gu family fell in love with Shen Yan
How is this a gift for the Shen family?
This is to send the Shen family to the sky
Oh, by the way.
Our chairperson
Talk to the head of your Shen family
It's a year's marriage with our eldest lady
This is an invitation to the wedding reception.
The chairperson ordered
Let me personally deliver it to Third Master Shen
What the hell is an engagement?
What does my old man want to do?
Change the pattern and toss
How is that possible?
How could Miss Gu Family agree to the marriage of the two families?
Did Assistant Xu make a mistake?
Mr. Shen, you are doubting my ability
Hey no no no
dare not dare
Hahaha Bureau Assistant
I want to ask
The lady is back for the dinner tonight
The eldest lady doesn't want to expose her identity in front of people
Oh, Master Shen
How about you?
You will meet our eldest lady sooner or later
Sister Qing, please accept it first
I can't accept this.
Master Shen Ze, this is verification.
Dare to refuse the marriage with Miss Gu Family
Are you crazy?
Shut up! I'm married
Gu Jinxi is my wife, Shen Yanzhen